README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
👋 Hello World!<br><br>Welcome to my GitHub! <br><br>I'm Viet, an upcoming Software Engineer with a passion for solving a wide range of problems, particularly focusing on alleviating everyday pain points people face, I love to solve these with a piece of Software. My strenghts are in **Backend Developemnt**, and problem solving is deep in my heart :)  <br><br>Currently, I'm pursuing a degree in Information Technology at Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, where I specialize in Software Engineering.<br><br>Check out my Portfolio for more! :) <br>https://viettran.fi


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/viet-tran-826399262/) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Hibernate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hibernate-59666C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Hibernate&logoColor=white) ![JPA](https://img.shields.io/badge/JPA-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=hibernate&logoColor=white) ![Vaadin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vaadin-00B4F0.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vaadin&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Docker&logoColor=white)
 ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-D24939.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jenkins&logoColor=white) ![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring%20Boot-6DB33F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)


# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=viettranni&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=viettranni&theme=dark&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=viettranni&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)


## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=viettranni&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

---
![Profile views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=viettranni&color=blue)



<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise introduction in README.md
Updated personal introduction to include focus on Mobile Development and AI.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
👋 Hello World!<br><br>Welcome to my GitHub! <br><br>I'm Viet, an upcoming Software Engineer with a passion for solving a wide range of problems, particularly focusing on alleviating everyday pain points people face, I love to solve these with a piece of Software. My strenghts are in **Backend Developemnt**, and problem solving is deep in my heart :)  <br><br>Currently, I'm pursuing a degree in Information Technology at Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, where I specialize in Software Engineering with the focus on Mobile Development and AI.<br><br>Check out my Portfolio for more and feel free to connect! :) <br>https://viettran.fi


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/viet-tran-826399262/) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Hibernate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hibernate-59666C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Hibernate&logoColor=white) ![JPA](https://img.shields.io/badge/JPA-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=hibernate&logoColor=white) ![Vaadin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vaadin-00B4F0.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vaadin&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Docker&logoColor=white)
 ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-D24939.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jenkins&logoColor=white) ![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring%20Boot-6DB33F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)


# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=viettranni&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=viettranni&theme=dark&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=viettranni&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)


## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=viettranni&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

---
![Profile views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=viettranni&color=blue)



<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
